Package updates (#777)
h2oai/h2o-llmstudio: README.md

```bash
conda create -n llmstudio python=3.10
conda activate llmstudio
conda install -c "nvidia/label/cuda-12.1.0" cuda-toolkit
```

> ### Virtual environments

Reviewer: Let's add this in the index table above instead of requirements.txt

instead. This will install the dependencies without the flash_attn package. Note that this will disable the use of Flash Attention 2 and model training will be slower and consume more memory.

> #### Conda virtual environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Nightly Conda virtual environment

```

> You can also setup a conda virtual environment that can also deviate from the recommended setup. The ```Makefile``` contains a command ```setup-conda``` that installs a fresh conda environment with CUDA 12.4 and current nightly PyTorch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also setup a conda virtual environment that can also deviate from the recommended setup. The ```Makefile``` contains a command ```setup-conda-nightly``` that installs a fresh conda environment with CUDA 12.4 and current nightly PyTorch.

```

wave run app
```

> If you are using a conda environment, you can run ```make llmstudio-conda```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the [nightly conda environment](#nightly-conda-virtual-environment), you can run ```make llmstudio-conda```.

```
